hello my brothers and sisters and I'm
here to talk about five nights at
Freddy's 4 wow just wow I can't believe
it Scott actually he's gonna make
another five nights at Freddy's game I
mean he says he proclaims it's the final
chapter but I hope it's not going to be
like you know the friday the 13 movies
works like oh this will be the final
chapter of friday the 13 when really
it's not really the final chapter friday
the 13 they say that I over and over
again just to get you to believe that it
really isn't so when the next movie
comes out it's like ah we thought we
fooled you would you believe it now you
could get it said in a hood for this
movie because this is the final one so
yeah I hope he's not gonna pull one of
those where he says it's the final
chapter but really it's not because he's
gonna continue I'm in five nights at
Freddy's has grown so much ever since he
released it back in August and seeing
he's made three games we just got the
third game already the third game we
just got the third game recently and now
he's already making the fourth game but
at least he's not making it in three
months like from now he's gonna make it
around like Halloween on October
thirty-first right before my birthday
haha hey man if people wanted to play
more friday five nights at freddy's and
sharp I'm just I mean I'm not saying
it's a bad thing that he's making the
fourth game but I'm just saying that you
know you needed a little break you know
I mean he stressed himself out so much
to make all three games to make his fans
happy and it's understandable if he does
that I mean five nights at Freddy's is
like so popular right now and I wouldn't
blame him if he wanted to you know
continue doing yet I mean you know and
then if you just stop then
you know how people will get people
would complain about it instead of
giving him the well-deserved rest he
deserves you know because it's not like
he fucking Slade over a hot stove to
make all three of these games cuz you
know he doesn't deserve the rest at all
yeah he needs to die making them but
anyways five nights at Freddy's 4 I was
not expecting it I mean maybe the movie
but the fourth installment I was not
expecting it that was just a surprise me
I mean I thought he was just gonna end
the third game so hmm I did see a
screenshot of how you know Freddy look
so creepy like he doesn't even barely
look like a friendly animatronic anymore
he just looks straight up like something
you would see out of a out of a
nightmare on elm street movie what are
your thoughts on five nights at Freddy's
4 are you are you excited for it
actually releasing what am I saying of
course you're excited I mean everyone's
excited and then when you heard this
people fucking flip their shit when they
heard that Scott was making a fourth
game I mean there was that one
screenshot with a little black hat of
Freddy's on the spotlight just hitting
it on the ground indicating that there
could have actually been you know a
fourth game you know and now that it is
like in the next screenshot he just
picks up that hat you know the new
looking scary Freddie yeah so that's
happening it's happening so what are
your thoughts on five nights at Freddy's
4 are you happy that he's making a
fourth game are you disappointed that
he's making the fourth game leave it in
the comments down below and as always
ever